yeah a little bit I thought our third
was better in her second I thought her
second I wasn't quite as good but took a
few penalties and certainly didn't get
the outcome we wanted so second gave him
a role obviously you've had a few
penalties they did surprise you that I'm
sure it was preached after Lasky yeah I
don't know you gotta look at the calls i
didn't i didn't take a look at him so i
don't know how bad they were but I think
overall our team's pretty disciplined I
don't think we would take many that are
you know away from the player
retaliatory I think you know that
they're in the action sometimes you take
them so I didn't see anything that was
was a real bad penalty tonight read on
the winning goal well we pinched up a
little bit on the wall and got caught
and you know they made a tip / stepped
up a little bit for the tip and kind of
got them the wrong way and you know
they're fast team that's one thing they
have and you know they capitalize on it
going 500 on a two-week road trip is
good in the eyes of a lot of people how
do you assess your team's playoff as
long as road swing you'll have all here
well if you can go 500 the role you have
a chance of being in the playoffs but
you know we had a chance to do better
than that we were up and we had what we
needed and I didn't think we played bad
I don't think we played bad in any of
the games but you know the one thing you
got to do is Montreal's got a pretty
good hockey team you know they come in
here it's a big night form there they
got lots of guys that can play hard so
you got to give them some credit a lot
of tribal oh maybe a bit like yeah I
don't you know we didn't get enough on
her power play you know a few places we
didn't but you know whatever the trips
over and then you know we got to learn
from that because you you can't have
that you know late in the series or
something like that we have to find a
way to be better so hopefully we learn
from that so we can be better next time
that happens
well i think i think was great i think
that you know it's a tribute to you know
a great man and his family I couldn't
believe is his wife like she's such a
trooper issues we shook hands all we can
choose there and it must been really
hard for her but you know she was
awesome and you know I was I thought it
was a real good ceremony